The status of the pilgrimage of the Prophet peace be upon him
One of those interested in this program is the Shaykh who asks and says: Summarize for us the path that the Prophet (peace be upon him) used in his Hajj.
This means: Statement of Hajj ﷺ, and the mayor of the faithful and the mayor
of scholars in every doctrine of thedoctrines known is Maythm Hajj of the Prophet peace be upon him
in the statement of the provisions of the Hajj; because he ﷺ Hajj and said: Take me your rituals ,
Muslims were baptized in a statement Hajj and his Sunan and forbids him
They relied on his argument ﷺ farewell argument, which is one argument did not pilgrimage after Hajar only one argument
the last argument, which was made in the tenth year and lived only a little
Soon three months, soon eighty days slightly more, and then died peace be upon him And God transferred him
to the Companion of the highest peace be upon him, and was told: the argument of farewell; S where he said: Take me your rituals V'e do not meet you after this years
He went out of the madina for five remained from the tenth of the tenth year of migration and descended the ally - Miqat people of the madina
on Saturday after the noon prayer, he prayed to the people back in the madina and reminded them and preached them and taught them how to do Hajj
then traveled and landed in the ally of people and prayed the era And he prayed in it on the first day
of the first two rak'ahs until the people were followed,
and then went from the ally after noon Ihram after the noon prayer, peace be upon him,
Ihram Hajj and Umrah all Qarana, and walked with him sixty-three camel
and came Ali  from Yemen to the rest of guidance100 is the thirty - seven became everyone 100 The camel
the leg of peace be upon him, and after he prayed back
and after wearing the uniform and the robe and after washing and wetting,
he said, O God,If he finishes each of that, he will ride his car or car
and then he will be satisfied. This year
he will meet after he has ridden after he empties, and he will be able to wear clothes and clothe